Make link to learning path more friendly in innersource (#30)
githubtraining/innersource: responses/14_congratulations.md

I won't track any further events in this repository.

> Your next steps are in the [Innersource learning path]({{ GHE_HOST }}/{{ course.Owner.login }}/paths/innersource:-theory-to-practice).

Reviewer: You can use `GITHUB_URL` here for a consistent setup on lab.github.com and on GHES!

```suggestion
Your next steps are in the [Innersource learning path]({{ GITHUB_URL }}/{{ course.Owner.login }}/paths/innersource:-theory-to-practice).
```
